New Ecosystem Project: banshee-music (#1188)
FilecoinFoundationWeb/filecoin-foundation: apps/ff-site/src/content/ecosystem-explorer/banshee-music.md

---
title: Banshee Music
created-on: 2025-03-06T00:06:33.399Z
updated-on: 2025-03-06T00:06:33.399Z
published-on: 2025-03-06T00:06:33.399Z
email: encrypted::U2FsdGVkX19pyPQPW23TU0OFAXld+oj5ypulVp1mi211qxY9Wnxd41XbOFP69TOX
full-name: encrypted::U2FsdGVkX19fQqGcwdm+Btr4hI043AHrv3UQ1ZMMhhk=
image:
  src: /assets/images/banshee-music.png
category: arts-collectibles-nfts
tech:
  - ipfs
description: Banshee Music is a live-performance ticket marketplace on Moonbeam.
website: https://banshee-music.com/
year-joined: 2021
repo: https://github.com/Banshee-Music

twitter: https://x.com/BansheeMusic_
seo:

>   title: Banshee Music

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  description: Banshee Music is a live-performance ticket marketplace on Moonbeam.
---

> Banshee utilizes Pinata and Lighthouse to deliver music to fans. Audio and video content are held inside a IPFS files from those (Pinata and Lighthouse) and sent to fans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Banshee is a music NFT marketplace for live performance tickets and music airdrops.

Banshee utilizes Pinata and Lighthouse to distribute music to fans. Audio and video content are stored in IPFS files from Pinata and Lighthouse, then delivered to fans.
```
